[v9.2.x] Docs: Fix broken InfluxDB starting guide links (#57282)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/getting-started/get-started-grafana-influxdb.md

Create a simple Flux query.

> 1. [Add a panel]({{< relref "../dashboards/build-dashboards/create-dashboard/" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Add a panel]({{< relref "../dashboards/build-dashboards/add-organize-panels/" >}}).
```

   ![InfluxDB Explore Script Editor](/static/img/docs/influxdb/explore-query-text-7-5.png)

> 1. In Grafana, [add a panel]({{< relref "../dashboards/build-dashboards/create-dashboard/" >}}) and then paste your Flux code into the query editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Grafana, [add a panel]({{< relref "../dashboards/build-dashboards/add-organize-panels/" >}}) and then paste your Flux code into the query editor.
```
